Update appropriate field for the form control (#1387)
act-rules/act-rules.github.io: pages/glossary/appropriate-field-for-the-form-control.md

  - DOM tree
---

> The field name of the form control is appropriate if it is listed in the autocomplete fields table from the HTML 5.2 specification as applying to the specified control group. [https://html.spec.whatwg.org/#inappropriate-for-the-control](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/#inappropriate-for-the-control).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The field name of the form control is _appropriate_ if it is listed in the autocomplete fields table from the HTML 5.2 specification as applying to the specified control group. [https://html.spec.whatwg.org/#inappropriate-for-the-control](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/#inappropriate-for-the-control).
```
Taking the opportunity of the new formulation to emphasise the defined term 😄

> The field name listed in the autocomplete fields table from the HTML 5.2 specification is appropriate if the form control it applies to belongs to the specified control group. [https://html.spec.whatwg.org/#inappropriate-for-the-control](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/#inappropriate-for-the-control).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The field name of the form control is appropriate if it is listed in the autocomplete fields table from the HTML 5.2 specification as applying to the specified control group. [https://html.spec.whatwg.org/#inappropriate-for-the-control](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/#inappropriate-for-the-control).
```
